---
title: "usage"
bg: '#63BD2F'
color: white
fa-icon: plug
---

## Why does this work?

Basically, Wrike has a nifty little e-mail integration system. As long as the e-mail address is linked to your Wrike account (either because it's the e-mail address you signed up with or you've added it as an additional address in the account management screen) then any e-mails sent to wrike@wrike.com will be added to your tasks. If the subject starts with brackets (brackets not parenthesis) then whatever is between the brackets will be the name of the project the task is added to, everything outside the brackets will be the task name. Adding the @sender allows you to easily see who logged the ticket and adding the date/time ensure it will setup a unique task (we quickly found out that if someone logged a ticket using the same subject as a previous ticket the closed ticket was updated instead of a new one being logged). Using BCC rather then To means the task will be unassigned. You can read more about the e-mail integration system [here](https://www.wrike.com/apps/email-integration/email-integration).

## So what now?

You're all setup. Go ahead and send a test e-mail to your distribution group (or whatever system you chose to use). There may be a few minutes delay but you should see your ticket pop up in your dashboard. Now heres the neat part - drag and drop the task from 'Unassigned' to 'Assigned', not only will the task be moved to the new folder but it will automatically assign to you. You need to share the dashboard and the projects with your team (share not assign). As long as you filtered by "Current User" when prompted earlier, then whichever member of your team drags the task to 'Assigned' will have the task assigned to them, it will disappear from everyone else dashboard (it won't show in the 'Assigned' box either because this is filtered by "Current User"), clever huh?!
