---
title: "setup details"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: toggle-on
---

## Requirements

1. A Wrike account (obviously)
2. A system which is always on
3. A copy of Outlook
4. Thats it!

## Setup your Wrike Environment

First you need to setup two projects, I called them 'Unassigned' and 'Assigned'. I also created a new dashboard which I called 'Analytics Team' (the name of my team funnily enough). From the project page (for each of the new projects) I chose to add the project to the new dashboard (for 'Assigned' make sure you've filtered to "Current User"). Eh voilà, the dashboard has two boxes, one for each project. Since I was going to spend most of my time in Wrike in this dashboard I also chose to add some built-in widgets such as 'To Do Today/This Week' and 'Overdue'.

## Setup Outlook

Firstly, add the VBA code by pressing alt-F11 which opens the 'Microsoft Visual Basic for Applications' page. In the left-hand column under Project - Project1 ensure ThisOutlookSession is highlighted and paste the following code into the editor (replacing 'Unassigned' with your project name if you chose something different):

{% highlight text linenos=table %}
Sub ChangeSubjectForwardUnassigned(Item As Outlook.MailItem)
    Item.Subject = "[Unassigned]" & Item.Subject & " @" & Item.Sender & " " & Now
 Item.Save
Set myForward = Item.Forward
myForward.BCC = "wrike@wrike.com"
myForward.Send
End Sub
{% endhighlight %}

Make sure you save this. Now you need to setup a rule to tell Outlook when to run the code. Tell the rule under what conditions you want the rule to run, for me this was:

{% highlight text linenos=table %}
Apply this rule after the message arrives
  sent to ...
and on this computer only
run Project1.ThisOutlookSession.ChangeSubjectForwardUnassigned
{% endhighlight %}

For 'Sent to' we have a distribution group, then any mails sent to said distribution group will have a ticket logged on Wrike. To obtain "run Projet1..." you need to choose the option 'run a script', as long as you've saved your VBA session you'll be able to choose "Projet1..." from the drop-down list.

*Edit: The 'run a script' option has been hidden after a recent upgrade, to get it back you need to perform a registry hack, instructions can be found [here](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/msoffice/forum/msoffice_outlook-mso_win10/run-a-script-option-missing-in-outlook-rules/b1c12e85-c53c-49b1-8f21-a25c727ab4a5).*
